changeLog for MTDSA-20194 to amend the date validation logic (#172)
hmrc/income-tax-mtd-changelog: README.md

* Please note that the date shown is the date that the change was released to the Sandbox or Production.

---
### 2 February 2024

> * With this change, date validation logic has been amended to allow the submission end date to be same as start date in the following API's

Reviewer: Just to be clear where the change is applied and maybe reference the relevant error codes:

```suggestion
The following fix relating to RULE_TO_DATE_BEFORE_FROM_DATE and RULE_END_DATE_BEFORE_START_DATE validation errors has been applied to Sandbox and Production:

* With this change, date validation logic has been loosened to allow the submission end date to be same as the start date in the following APIs
```
